112 Ι ” nnn unrnn,

ed and will soona be finished3 lor God has set
bounds to our lives which we cannot pass. Soon
shall we be weigbed in the balance os eternal truth
and justice, and is we are found wanting, we shall
be cut in sunder, and have a portion appointed us
with hypocrites and unbelievers. And say, my
friends, are you all prepared to pass this solemn
test? Should the same hand, which wrote the doom
os impious Belshazzar ou the plaster os the wall os
his palace,benow commissioned to write our names,
our characters and our doom on the plaster ol the
walls of this house, are there none here present,
whose thoughts would trouble them3 none, whose
countenances would be changed by consciens guilt3 '
none, over against whose names the danming sen·
tence, telcel, would betseen inscribed?

This is a most interesting 'and important question
to all os us3 aquestiou, which ought by no means
to remain doubtful, a question, which it is, per-
haps, ss much as our immortal souls ere worth, to
leave for a single day undecided. And why should

f it remain uudecided? Have we not, in our own

hands, the balance inwhiqh our actions and char-
acters will one day be weighed? Has not the Judge
himself informed us, in the clesrest manner, os the
rules aud maxims by which he will be guided iu
determining our irrevocable doom? uetus, then,
avail ourselves of the information, which he has·
given us, aud resolve, before we leave this house,
to know the worst of our situation, aud ascertaiu

what sentence we have reason to expect from tbe ⁴

 

