wrcxnnrwnnnrrrwnnnn. 503

quenchable lire would have been thy portion sor-
ever? Ο then, where is thy gratitudo, thy lova?
Where are the returns, which he has a right to ·
expect? Hast thou already made him asuffieient
return sor such inestimable benefits? Has he not
reason to say, at least to some 01 you, Did l die
sor theo; redeam thee lrorn sin, and death, and
hell, that thou mightest crucisy me afrssh, by thy
nnkindness and 00101101 ? Didl watch and pray‚
whole signa, that thou mightest neglect watehfnl-
ness and prayer? Did l purchase for thee divine
grace, preeious promises, and strong consolation,
that thou nrightest make light 01 thern, or turn
them into wantonness? And do l prolong thy lor·
leited 1110, that thou mayest live carelessly, un-
profitably, or like the world around thee? Νο,1
redeemed thee, that thou mightest be mine, wholly
mine. l purchased lor thee grace, that thou
mightest grew. And l preserve thy lile, that thou

· mayest live, not to thysels, butro him who died sor

thee. l have reyeoled the knowledge 01 thy ⁸
Maker, and taught thee the way 01 redemption,
that thou mightest adorn the doctrine 01 God thy
Savionr in all things. And wilt thou frustrate
these purposes by thy sloth and negligence? Thou
wilt do it, then, to thine own eternal injury3 sor
the learlul and the unbelieving shall have their

part, with the abominable‚ in the lake, which
humeth with fire, that never shall be quenched.

 

