’ awo cownndnnn. 347

the apostle, the Lord is the avenger ol all such.
This leeds me to observo,

Lastly, that we ure directed, in all our transac-
tions, to remeabo, that the eye os God is upon us,
and thet he is a witness between us and our sellow
creatures, when no other witness is present. Such
are the principal rulcs, which God has given us sor
the reguletion of our· conduct in all our pecuniery

transactione, rules, which are amply sufficient sor
our direction, in every case which can possibly

occur.
ll. Let us now proceed, as was proposed, to ap-

ply these rules more particularly, und show what
they require, what they forbid, and when thoy ere
violated. And,

l. Let us consider what these rules require os
us ss subjecta, or membors ol civil society. And
bere we rnay observe, that they evidently require
us strictly to observe the laws os our country with
respect to the public revenue‚ to contribute thet
proportion of our property to the general end state
governments‚ which those lews require 3 and to use
no artifices, or evasioni, with e view to avoid pay·
ing that proportion. Our Saviour, when askod by
the Jews whether it were right to pay tribute to
Caesar, the Roman Emperor, replicd, Render to
Caesar the things that are Caesar’s. Now is he rs-
quired them to pay tribute to a foreign power, by
whom, they had been conquered‚ so long es they
remained the subjecte of thet power, much more
would he enjoin it upon usto pay tribute to a

 

