,Ι uonna} eom voroz 273

day, so much aa a secret hope, that you shall he·
come religione ut some lutura time. Could thia
‹lelusive hope bc destroyed, could you bc made to
lael, that your aternal salvation depende on your
bacoming religione today, you would scarcely post·

¹ ponc it ull comorrow. Parmit me then to attempt-

tha destruction ol this hope, by showing you how
groundlaas it is, and how many circumstances com·
bine to render it probabla, chat, il you do not hear
God’a voice to=day, you never will haar ie With
this view, Ι remark, thartha vary causes, which
induce you to delen the commencement ol areli·
gious liic, render it highly improbable, that you will

erar become religione. When this duty ia urged -

upon you, you allega, perhaps, that you are not
able to become religione, or that you cannot give
your minda to it; or that you have not sufficient
lime lor it, or you know not how ro begin. Now
ull these causae will operate with aqual force
another day. You will than leel just aa unable, or,
lo speak more properly, just aa unwilling to become
religione, aa you do now. When to-morrow arrives
you will, therefore, probably deser repentance to
soma future time3 when that tima arrives, you will
again delcr it3 and will continue to pursua this
course till lise ia spent. Would the work bc ren-
dered mora easy hy delay, thera might be soma
appearance ol a reason lor dclerring ἱῐ.ι But ir
will not. On the contrary, every day’s delay will
render it more difficult. Your hearrs, aa you have

already bean ἓθόωἰιιάθά, will to-morrow bo moro

 

