164 nnn wronnn‚·r11aouon mon,

implier dependenee on him sor happiness; it implies
imperfectiori, inferiority. Hence it is easy to see
how the pride os the wichad prevents mem from
seelring the divine savor. The way, in whioh
alone God's lavor ean be obtained, is, is possible,
still more offensive to pride. The very entrance
upon the way, isa death-blow to it; for the Gos·
pel oasts down imaginatione and every high thing,
that exalteth itsels against the knowledge os God,
aud requires us, if we would enjoy his lavor, to
bow our stubborn wills to bis authority, to mortiiy
our pride, aud renounoe our vainglorious, sell-
righteous thoughts and feelings. lt tells us, that
God resisteth the proud3 that every one, who ex·
alteth himself, shall be abased3 and that the proud
in heart are an abomination to the Lord, while he
gives his grace to the lo‘wly, and will dwell iu none
but the humble and contrite heart. We ean, there-
sore, be at no loss to know why the pride ol the
wicked will not suffer them to seek the lavor os
God.

3. Pride rendere. the wicked unwilling to seek
aiter the likeness os God. Those, who have un
exalted opinion oi themselves, will not easily be
persuaded to imitate others. They will rather ex· .
· peot others to imitate them. Besides, au attempt
to imitate others, involves a confession, that they

are our superiors; at least, that they excel us in
those respecta, in which we endeavor to imitate
them But pride hstes a superior, and is unwilling
to allow that it is exoelled by any one.

 

