Μ inmune vinnons

hirn all hlneu dwells, even all the lulnese ol the
Godheed. There ie in him nlulness os trech, to
enllghten sionem, and leod them to believe in him,
lor in him are hidden all the tresenres os divine
wisdonr and knowledge. He hus also a sulnesa ot
grece, to pardon, sanctisy‚ and seve thonr3 for the
richen of his grace are unsearcheble. Now the
display or manifestationes this infinite sulness os
grane and truth constitutos the glory‚ in which the
psalmist wished Christ to appear. He wished hin
oleo to appear in his majesty. The differenoe be-
tween mejesty and glory consiste in this3 glor-y is
something, which belongs either to the person or
the character os a heing3 hut majesty is rnore
properly en attribute os office, especially of the re·
gal office. This office Christ sustains. He is err·
elted to he aPrince, es well as a Sericum he is
King os kings and Lord of lords3 end it is princi·
pnlly in his character ol a king, that 'he subduee
his enemies, und dispenses pardon. The psalmist,
therefore, wished him to appear in this character,

. errayed in all his awsul majesty, that while his glo-

ry excited admiration, end delight, and love, hia
majesty might produce reverential ewe, and lead
sinuare to submission and ohedienco.

ln the next place, the psalmiet prays, that being

thus armed with his powerlul sword, end meyed ¹ ⁴

in his glory and majesty,·Chriet would ride forth
through the world, conquering and to conquer. ln

thy majesty ride prosperously. There is in these
'words un evident allusion to the manner, in which

 

