oronmvrrnuwcs. 373

countryrnon were destroyed. And though tho age
of miracles has passed away, yet had we an inspired
history of the world from the days of tho apostles,
we should doubtless find recorded many equally
striking proofs of God’s care of his people; for it
is till true, to adopt the lauguage of St. Potor, thet
tho Lord huoweth how to deliver the godly, und to
reservo the unjust to the day of judgmeut to be
punishod. Will it be objected to ,this statement,
that facts equally strong may be adduced on the
other side3 facts, which prore that God does not
always thus deliver his people? We ollow ir. Wa
allow that the real friends of God often drink deep·
ly of the cup of afflictior, which is put into the
hands of siuful natione? But why is it so? lt is
because they first partahe of their sins. ltis be·
cause they do not beor a public testimony for God,
aud oppose as thoy ought the progress of vice and
infidelity. They suffer themselves to 'he entanglod
by that fear of marr, which bringeth a snare, and to
ba guided by tho heaven-distrusting counsels aad
tomporiziug policy of that earthly‚ seusuel wisdom,
which ¹is too often miscalled prudeuce. They con·
duct in such a manner, as to leave it doubtful

whether they arc the real children of God; and, .

therefore, he uento them iu suche manner, os often
causes them and others to doubt whether he is their
father. Were they always suitably affected with
the sins which prevail arouud them, they would ·
much less frequently share iu the calamities which
those sins occasion. But it will perhaps be said,

 

