op CHRIST’! eusrnmee. 227

inhis hand. The joy eet before him, sor the sake

ol which he endured the croes, and despised tho ’

ehame, was then the joy, which would result from
seeing bie Father glorified and sinnere saved, in
consequence ol hie incarnation, sufferings, and
death. This, our tert declares, he shall see, and
the sight will eatissy him. While contemplating it,
he will leel, that he isamply rewarded lor all his
eacmlicee, toils, and sufferinge.

My hearers, the prediction in¹ our text hae al-
ready been partially lulfilled3 it will be lulfilled
in a still greater degree, before time shall end3
and ite complete fultilment will be witnessed in
eternity. These three assertione we propoee to
illustrate, establish, and irnprove.

l. The prediction before ue hae already been
partially fulfilled. Already bas our Redeemer seen
much ol the fruit os bie sufferinge. Our once har-
ren world, watered hy hie tears and his blood, hae
already produced a large harvest ol righteouenees
and salvation. Hie crose, like Aaron’s rod, has
hudded aad bl med, and begun to bear precioue
incorruptible ruit. From his cross sprang all the
religione knowledge, all the real goodneee, all the
true happiness which hae existed among mortelr

· since the lell. On hie eroes, which, like the ladder

seen by Jacob in vision, unitee heaven and earth,

myriads ol immortal beings, who were sinking into
the bottomless abyee, bave ascended to the celes·
tial mansione ;-other myrieds‚ now alive, are
lollowing them in the ascent. ln the patriarche,

 

