srvnsousn nnsncnrvrr. lli

was withdrawn‚ the words, mans, mrsu, ursinam,
were found written3 words, which were thus inter-
preted by Daniel the prophet-amn, God hatlr
nurnbered thy kingdom and finished it; rasus, thou
art weighed in the balancas, and art found wanting3
orassem, thy kingdom is divided‚ and given to the
Medes and Persians. The justness ol this interpre-
tation was confirmed by the event, lor that same
night was Belshazzar elain.

My friends, this story allords an instructivs, ad·
monitory lesson to us ell; sor though we have not,
like Belshazzar, prolaned the consecrated vessels
ol the Lord, or praised the gods of the heathen,
who are vanity and a lie, yet we have, in various
ways insulted our Creator and provolred him to¹
jeslousy. We have often consumed his bounty
upon our lusts; we have perverted those saculties,.
which ought to have been consecrated to his ser·
rice; we have loved and served and idolized the
world, and the God, in whose lrand our brsath is,
and whose are all our ways we have not glorified;
und though the displeasure ol offended heaven is
not now suddenly and openly displayed‚ ss it was·
in the days ot Daniel; though no hand isnovv rent,
to write the sentence ol condemnationen the walls¹
ol our houses, yet there is still an invisible witness.

which continually recorda our actious3 there is· Α

still ajust aud omniscient God, by whom there ac-
tions are weighed3 it is still true that we shall rs-
ceiva ol' him· a just recompensa os reward, accord-
·ing to 'our works. Our days are already number·

 

