 

asovnrrnres. te

blms arrd prayers. But the gospel toaches usp ·
that rnen are to be saved, not by working, hut
by believing3 that we are saved by grace, through
saith3 and that to him that worlreth not, but
believeth 011 him who justifieth the ungodly‚ his
[aith is counted to him sor 'righteousnesa This
truth men neither love nor understand, anderen
alter they ere awakened and convinced os sin,

¹ it is one ol the most difficult things imaginable

to convince them that their pretended good works
are no better than sins; and that il they ever ob·

’ tain salvauon, it must he by simply believing in the

Son of God. ln scarcely any thing do God's
thoughts and ways differ so widely srom ours, as in

' this great doctrine ol salvation through grace-ol

justification by saith in the righteousness os Christ.

Lastly. God’r thoughts and ways are not as
ours respecring the best methods ol dealing with
his people, and carrying on the work os grace in
their souls aster it is begua. When God delivered
his people from Egyptian hondage, if he had led
them by the nearest and most direct way to Ca-
rmen, they might have reached it in every sew “
days3 and had they been consulted‚ they would
probably have thought the nearest way the best.
But God thought otherwise. So when God converte
his people from sin to holiness, he could, is he
plessed‚ render thern persectly holy at once3 and
they ere often ready to megine, that this would be
much the better way, both sor his glory and their

’ own good. Bpt, instead ol adopting this method

 

