384 uun cuarsumrt munuca.

it as a very cheap aud easy method of requiting a

benefactor3 and, were the case their own, they p

would probably prefera small pecnniary recom-
penso, or au honorary reward, to all the preyers
which even an apostle could offer on their behalf.
lt. is certain, however, that such persons esthnate

the velue of objecta very erroneonsly, and that 3

their religione views ond seeliugs differ very widely
from those which were entertained by St. Paul.
Buteo far as any man's religione views differ from·

those, which he entertained, they must differ from
truth3 sor the apostle, it will be recollected, was
guided by inspiration3 his religione views were
imparted to him by'the nnerriug Spirit of God;

they must, therefore, have been iu perfect accord·
auce with trnth. lt is surely then most important,
that we should ascertniu what they were, iu order
that we may make them our own. What they
were respectiug some most interesting subjects, we
may learn from the passage before us. From this
passage we may also learn, in what manner it be-
comes the Ἴ disciples and ministers of Christ to

¹ express their gratitudo tohumau benefactore. And

no one, who shall adopt the religione viewr, by
which St. Paul was influenced, can fail to perceive
that the method, which he employed for this
purpose, was most worthy of himself, and most
wisely adapted to promote the best iuterests of the
friend, to whom he felt himself indebted. What
these views were let ns now endeavor to ascertain.

lu the petitiou, which was offered by the apostle

 

