92 assummum

ΙΕΙΙΜΟΝ V·

suns permanen ΒΥ THE monn 01¹ nummu.

”flul 2⁰· Ι.

mou ster ser cua memma mons runc oua srcnr ente m m
usur on rar counruusucc.

Iu is a well known fact, that the appearance of
objects, and the ideas which we form of them, ere
very much affected by the situation in which they
are placed with respect to us, and by tha light in
which they ara seen. Objects seen ata distance,
sor example, appear much smaller than they really
are. The same object, viewed through different
mediums, will often exhibit very different appear·
ances. Α lighted cendle, or a star, appears bright
during the absence os the sun3 but when that lu·
minary returns, their brightness is eclipsed. Since
¹ the appearance ol objecta, and the ideas which we
form ol thern, are thus affected by extraneous cir-
cumetences, it follows, thet no two persons will
t'orm precisely the same ideas of any object, unless
they view it in the sarno light, or arc placed with
respect to itin the same nmation.

These remarks have a direct and important

hearing upon the intended subjectos the present ³

discourse. No person can read tho scriptures can-
didly and abortively, without peroeiving, thet God
and men differ very widely in the opinion which
they entertain respectiug almost every object. And 1

 

