‘258 nnsrnrns 11010111

exalt the valleys, and level the hills3 make the
croohed ways straight, and the rough places plain,
101, behold, the Lord God comes3 he comes with
a strong hand3 his reward is with him, and his
work before him. From the bright and fiery cloud
which envelopcd his chariot, and concealed it from
mortal eyes, he saw sharp arrows 01 conviction,
shot forth on every side, deeply wounding the ob-
durate hearts 01 sinners, and prostrating them in
crowds aronnd his path, while his right hand ex-
tended raised them again, and healed the wonnds
which his arrows had made3 and his omnipotent
voice spoke peace to their despairing sonis, and
bede them follow in his train, and witness and
share in his triumph. From the same bright cloud
he saw the vongeful lightnings, flashing thick and
dreadsul, to blast and consume every thing that
opposed his progress; he saw sin, and death, and
hell with all its legions, baffled, defeated, and fly-
ing in trembling consternation before him ς he saw
them overtaken, bound, and chained to his trium-
phant chariot wheels3 while enraptured voices
were heard from heaven exclaiming, Now is come
salvation, and strength, and the kingdom 01 God,
and the power of his Christ. Such was the scene,
which seems to have burst upon the ravished sight
01 the entranced prophet3 transported with the

’ view, he exclaims, Thine arrows are sharp in the

bearts 01 thine enemies, whereby the people 11111

under thee.
And, my friends, permit me to add, that similar

 

